07	04	2012	SEA	2	BAL	4	T-Mobile Park	This game was the first I'd been to since 2010. Unfortunately I don't know the details of the games I've been to before 2012 so this is when the records start. Hector Noesi went into this game with a 2-10 record and a 5.69 ERA. That trend continued as he gave up 4 runs in 5 innings, which was enough for an opponent facing the 2012 Mariners. They managed to score 2 in the bottom of the 9th, but Miguel Olivo's flyout to right to end the game was just too short. We sat in the right field seats for the first time.	
08	15	2012	SEA	1	TBA	0	T-Mobile Park	This was a game we went to as a family, and would end up being our last. My sister has a peanut allergy, and this was one of the few games that included a peanut-free section, so that's where we sat. Little did we know we'd end up experiencing history that day.

The first out of the game was a running catch made by right fielder Eric Thames, which proved to be incredibly important. After that Felix just mowed guys down like it was nothing. Once it was the 8th inning, the crowd was into it. Everyone was on every pitch. When Felix got the final out, he made that now iconic pose in his celebration.

This was the only truly dominant performance I ever saw from Felix in-person, other than Opening Day 2015. I saw him again in the next game I went to, once in 2014, and one more time in 2017, but that was in his decline. While I have other games I enjoyed more, being at a perfect game was incredible.	
09	01	2012	SEA	2	ANA	5	T-Mobile Park	This was a game my dad and I got tickets to specifically to sit in the King's Court, in what would be our only time doing so. While Felix had a good outing, in the 8th inning it fell apart and the Angels took the lead before Mariners manager Eric Wedge took him out. The Mariners only scored 2 runs in the 2nd inning and that was it. Overall a disappointing game, given you've got your ace on the mound and scoring 2 runs is usually enough.	
06	29	2013	SEA	3	CHN	5	T-Mobile Park	This was a Turn back the Clock Night to 1906. The Mariners wore uniforms from the 1906 Seattle Turks team, while the Cubs wore their 1906 uniforms. This was my first Interleague game, which was neat. While the Mariners tied the game in the bottom of the 9th inning, that was all they could muster as the Cubs came out on top from a go-ahead home run in the 11th inning by Alfonso Soriano, who would eventually be traded to the Yankees at the deadline. My dad and I sat in the upper deck from behind home plate for the first time, which is a spot I've repeatedly gone back to when I don't want to spend a lot on tickets but want a good view.	
08	10	2013	SEA	0	MIL	10	T-Mobile Park	This game was supposed to be exciting, since they had a pregame ceremony celebrating Ken Griffey Jr.'s induction into the Mariners Hall of Fame. Unfortunately, they just failed to show up in any capacity. Hisashi Iwakuma had a great outing, up until the 7th where he just lost it, and Mariners manager Eric Wedge left him in for probably too long. This is tied for the most lopsided loss I've seen in person, with a game I saw in 2018 against the Dodgers.	
04	08	2014	SEA	5	ANA	3	T-Mobile Park	This was the first home opener I was able to attend. We left right after school ended, and we ended up being late and missed the pregame ceremonies! The Mariners hit a little bit, including Corey Hart, who hit 2 home runs. This would not be indicative of his success, however, as he only ended up with 6 home runs in the 68 games he played that year. It was actually a decent idea to sign him, it just didn't work out at all. 

James Paxton pitched a good game, though left in the 6th inning with an injury. Little did we know this would be the start of his yearly injury problems that he has never overcome to this day. Overall a fun game, and the beginning of my currently unbroken (only by 2020) streak of home openers.	
05	14	2014	SEA	0	TBA	2	T-Mobile Park	This was the only game I attended with my school, at least that I can remember. Unfortunately, the game was pretty lackluster. However, my PE teacher's son worked for the Mariners, and was able to get the Mariner Moose over to our section, and got us some jumbotron airtime! So that was neat. I also think it was this game where I bought a souvenir soda cup, one that I used at home until 2021!	
08	29	2014	SEA	3	WAS	8	T-Mobile Park	This game was a good pitching matchup, Felix Hernandez vs Jordan Zimmermann. Unfortunately, the Mariners ended up on the wrong side of this one, with Felix giving up 5 runs in 7 innings, while Zimmermann went 6 innings and only gave up 2 runs. We also had a postgame fireworks show afterward, the first I had been to.	
09	21	2014	CHN	5	LAN	8	Wrigley Field	This was the first game I got to attend that wasn't in Seattle!! I was very excited for this one, given the fact that the park was celebrating its 100th anniversary. While the tarp came out a little before the start of the game, it ended up starting on time. 

This was an interesting experience because it was the last year of Wrigley not having any jumbotrons whatsoever, so there was no way to show instant replay to the crowd at all. I don't remember the game being super interesting from a neutral fan perspective; it was mostly about seeing Wrigley Field for the first time. The park had interesting scoreboards under the upper deck, so you could see them if you were sitting in the far back rows of the main level. Also, unlike every other park I've visited to date, you couldn't walk all the way around the stadium without temporarily leaving the stadium. The main concourse, which involved all seating in foul territory, was separated from the outfield bleachers. 

Since those outfield bleachers have since been replaced, the jumbotrons have been installed, and the park has been further renovated, I'd very much like to return, especially now that I've seen many other parks.	
09	26	2014	CHA	3	KCA	6	Guaranteed Rate Field	This was park number 3, and definitely the "other" park of the trip, with Wrigley really being the main event. This park reminded me of Safeco Field (now T-Mobile Park) in that the upper deck had a very similar feel. The concourse was also kinda similar if I remember correctly.

Similar to Wrigley, this park had some slightly outdated elements including a couple large dot-matrix scoreboards. Safeco Field had a smaller one up through 2012, but each one the White Sox had was bigger on its own than the one the Mariners had. The video scoreboard was also much smaller than the one in Seattle, and pretty low-res. Like Wrigley, it gave a retro vibe to the experience, but from a different era; Wrigley was more like the 1950s or 60s, with U.S. Cellular more like 80s and 90s with the dot-matrix scoreboards; I liked it. I took a walk around the main concourse, which was neat. It was later in the game, so it was dark and cool, one of my favorite parts of baseball games; when it has cooled down and the lights are taking full effect. I also liked the pseudo wall that surrounds the concourse. The White Sox launch fireworks after each home run, which I thought was neat. The Mariners had not started doing that at this point.

The Royals were in the wild card hunt at this point, and ended up securing their spot I think the next night. The White Sox were stuck in their phase of mediocrity, which they wouldn't really leave until late 2016 and 2017 when the rebuild was a full go. While U.S. Cellular/Guaranteed Rate Field is not rated very highly, I enjoyed my time there and would like to revisit, which shouldn't be too hard since I'm already planning on revisiting Wrigley.	
04	06	2015	SEA	4	ANA	1	T-Mobile Park	This game was the first Opening Day I went to, though my second home opener. Going into this year, the Mariners were projected to win the division by multiple sports outlets, though they didn't even come close to that, finishing in 4th place. In fact, this was the only day they finished with a record over .500, at 1-0. So, yeah; you can see how that worked out. New acquisition Seth Smith went 3-for-3 before being removed for a pinch-hitter, and was tied for the league lead in average with 1.000. The Mariners gave out these neat K towels, and I still have mine in a closet somewhere. A pretty fun game, given the expectations of the team.	
07	11	2015	SEA	5	ANA	0	T-Mobile Park	Hisashi Iwakuma started this game, and was on the ropes in the first. But then Nelson Cruz of all people made a diving catch in right field with the bases loaded to get Kuma out of that jam. There wasn't anything super special about this game, although it was the Saturday before the All-Star Break. I've been to 3 games in the series before the All-Star Break; two Fridays, and this Saturday game.	
07	27	2015	SEA	3	ARI	4	T-Mobile Park	This was the first game I went to with just friends! One of my friends got tickets, and so there were 4 of us who went to the game. We heckled Arizona first baseman Paul Goldschmidt for some reason, don't know why. Unfortunately this game wasn't all that interesting from a baseball perspective, but at least we had fun.	
09	13	2015	SEA	2	COL	3	T-Mobile Park	This was the first time I got to sit in a suite. We had some family friends who got tickets, so I was able to go with them. Like the previous game, it wasn't that interesting, but it was neat to sit in a suite for the first time.	
04	08	2016	SEA	2	OAK	3	T-Mobile Park	This was home opener #3. The Mariners had a new manager and general manager at this point, hopefully indicating a better future for the ball club. While they won the first series of the season in Texas, they dropped this game. Dae-Ho Lee, the Mariners right-handed part of first base, got his first major league hit in the form of a home run! While he wasn't an amazing player, he was a fan favorite here in Seattle, despite the fact he was only a Mariner (and a major-leager) for one season. The game was close, but Steve Cishek, the Mariners closer, gave up a home run to Chris Coghlan in the top of the 9th inning and that won the A's the game.	
05	01	2016	SEA	1	KCA	4	T-Mobile Park	The starter for this game was Taijuan Walker, who had a great start to the season in April. While his start wasn't bad, the Mariners offense certainly was. There isn't much else in this game that stands out to me, a very average game to be honest.	
06	24	2016	SEA	4	SLN	3	T-Mobile Park	This game I went to with my friends from my youth group for the first time. The Mariners needed another starter, and so they acquired Wade leBlanc from the Blue Jays a couple days before this game. He had an outstanding start, going 6 shutout innings. The Mariners had a 1-0 lead going into the 8th, but unfortunately that turned into a 3-1 Cardinals lead. In the bottom of the 8th, the Mariners faced Seunghwan Oh, who looked dominant. However, at this point in the season, Trevor Rosenthal was still their closer, despite pitching quite poorly to that point. I was optimistic the Mariners could score off him, and they certainly did that, with an Adam Lind walk-off 3-run home run. A really exciting end to the game, after it honestly being quite boring to that point.	
08	02	2016	SEA	5	BOS	4	T-Mobile Park	The Mariners were facing the division-leading Red Sox, and their ace David Price. Wade leBlanc also got the start in this game, though didn't pitch quite as well as before, giving up 3 runs in 6 innings. 

The Mariners found themselves down 4-0 going into the bottom of the 8th, with Price dealing all game. He started the 8th inning, but the wheels fell off and the Mariners took advantage. Mike Zunino led off the inning with a home run. Guillermo Heredia, recent Triple-A callup, got his first major-league hit and RBI to get the Mariners their second run. Then a few hitters later, Robinson Cano hit a 3 run BOMB to our section in right field to give the Mariners a 5-4 lead. In fact, if you look at video of the home run he hit, you can see my dad and I in the frame! 

This dramatic comeback was followed with Edwin Diaz, young flamethrower getting his first career save after being given the closers job starting that evening. Weirdly enough, the winning pitcher in this game, reliever Donn Roach, also won the walk-off game in June. These were the only two wins Roach got that year, and he only pitched in 4 games with the Mariners. Easily the best game I had been to at this point in the season.	
08	06	2016	SEA	8	ANA	6	T-Mobile Park	This game had a pregame celebration of Ken Griffey Jr.'s induction to the National Baseball Hall of Fame, as well as his number 24 being retired by the Mariners. The excellent ceremony contained a famous line by Junior, which was "To the guys on my left, keep fighting, 'cause we're all rooting for you."

The game started off rather lackluster, with the Angels taking a 3-0 lead off of Mike Trout's 3-run home run in the first inning. The Angels continued scoring, and the Mariners were down 6-2 going into the bottom of the 5th. They scored 2 runs to reach within striking distance, and in the bottom of the 7th they took the lead off of a home run from light-hitting shortstop Shawn O'Malley. Edwin Diaz locked down another save, already his 4th of the week.	
08	14	2016	MIN	4	KCA	11	Target Field	This was the fourth stadium I'd visited. I didn't have super high expectations or anything, but this is a fantastic ballpark. While being one of the newest parks in MLB, it manages to have an old-school intimate feel. This is probably because the ballpark was built in a very tiny footprint. Despite that, the park had incredibly wide concourses, wide enough to have separate smaller kiosks (unlike T-Mobile Park, for example). 

The upper deck is what I've started referring to as a "split-level", in that the sight lines from the concourse of the field are almost uninterrupted throughout. This is different from T-Mobile Park for example, where the only sight lines onto the field involve looking through the tunnel, and even those aren't great. Hopefully I'm explaining this well. Either way, it's a great feature to have, as it makes being in the upper deck much more palatable, and makes you feel closer to the action. Our seats were in the main level, which is also somewhat split, as there's a walkway between the closer and farther away sections. The seats were very good, although we totally forgot about sunscreen, and got very sunburned on our legs in the 90-degree Minnesota heat.

The game itself was pretty interesting, since the Royals' center fielder Paulo Orlando ended up a triple short of the cycle. This was also during Twins' second baseman Brian Dozier's incredible 2016 second half, and he hit one of his 28 post All-Star Break home runs. He ended up hitting 42 for the season, setting a new record for a second baseman in the American League. 

While as a neutral fan, I wanted to see the Twins win (as the home team), this was still a great experience, despite the sunburns.	
08	19	2016	KCA	5	MIN	4	Kauffman Stadium	Wow, this one was probably the most interesting game I'd been to, yet most of the interesting stuff happened after we left. First of all, there was a portable National Baseball Hall of Fame exhibit setup, so we spent some time there. We got done there early, and for some reason the gates at Kauffman Stadium don't open until an hour and a half or so before first pitch, which is much later than other parks I've been to; the norm is usually 2 hours. We were waiting in the muggy mid-August heat, though we did know that thunderstorms were in the forecast and were almost certainly going to cause a rain delay.

First of all, the ballpark. Kauffman Stadium is extremely unique, in that it was built in a time of multipurpose stadiums galore. Virtually every other team was building a multipurpose stadium in the 60s and 70s, and the baseball-only stadium didn't come back into vogue until the early 90s with the opening of Camden Yards in Baltimore. It did feel a bit old, but that was probably because I had come from a stadium almost 40 years newer in Target Field. The park only has an upper deck in the foul area, so the outfield seating is just a lower deck and a concourse, though there are the recognizable fountains. The scoreboard is really cool, as it's in the shape of a crown yet still captures all the necessary information. The staff seemed really nice, there were at least a few ushers who said "Hello and welcome to The K!"

The beginning of the game was rather unassuming. Brian Dozier hit another home run, which was neat. However, at around the bottom of the 4th inning we knew it was only a matter of time until the storm came. The Royals were leading 4-1 at that point. If they could complete the top of the 5th inning with a lead, they would win the game if they couldn't resume the game that night. However, the Twins tied the game at 4, and almost directly after, the game entered a rain delay. Fans stormed out of the stadium, including my dad and I, since we had an early flight the next morning and couldn't stick around. Getting out was a little bit of a nightmare, since everyone was trying to leave at once. One car in front of us even hit another car, and stopped one of the two outgoing lanes of traffic. This ended our experience there, but the game itself still had a lot left.

During the rain delay, some young kids started running around the concourse, just as a way to entertain themselves, and this got on the broadcast. Eventually, the game did resume. However, there was ANOTHER delay, this time because half the lights in the stadium went out! That's not something you see at all. After that delay was done, they played on. The game even went extra innings, and the Royals walked it off in the bottom of the 11th inning. The game ended at 2:15 AM. With us getting up around 4 to leave, it was a good idea that we didn't stick around.

In summary, a very interesting and very weird game. I'd really like to go back to Kauffman, so I can get a full game experience, because it was a nice park and I wanted to be there longer.	
08	23	2016	SEA	1	NYA	5	T-Mobile Park	This game was honestly not that interesting, as the Mariners didn't do much with the bats and the pitching was lackluster as well. We managed to see Taijuan Walker start ANOTHER game, though this would be the last one since he was traded in the offseason. Probably the only noteworthy thing about this game was that we sat very close to the field, behind home plate.	
09	17	2016	SEA	1	HOU	2	T-Mobile Park	Like the previous game, the Mariners offense didn't do much. It was a close pitching matchup between Mike Fiers and James Paxton, but Fiers ended up on top of this one. This was the ninth game I made it to this year, and the seventh Mariners game, both personal records, unmatched for a few seasons.	
04	10	2017	SEA	6	HOU	0	T-Mobile Park	This was the 4th home opener I had made it to, and this game was coming off the heels of a 1-6 roadtrip to start the season, including a 7-run 9th inning comeback by the Angels the day before to turn what looked like a 9-3 Mariners victory into a 10-9 Angels win. Needless to say, the Mariners really needed this game, and they got it, thanks to James Paxton throwing 7 shutout innings. The Mariners also hit a little bit, scoring 6 runs. Recent acquisition Mitch Haniger continued his hot hitting, though shortstop Jean Segura, acquired in the same deal, left due to an injury and landed on the disabled list the next day. Despite that, it was a good win for the M's.	
04	19	2017	SEA	10	MIA	4	T-Mobile Park	This was a game I went to with my mom, which we didn't do super often since my dad and I would always go to games together. I was excited to see the Marlins, because they had slugger Giancarlo Stanton, and while I obviously wanted the Mariners to win this game, I did want to see him hit a home run. Fortunately, he did hit a home run, but I missed it because I was on the concourse looking for food or something. 

Felix started this game, the first time I'd seen him pitch in a little over two years. He had a rough first inning, but eventually settled down. Despite giving up four runs and twelve(!) hits, he went 6.1 innings and got the win.

Despite the Mariners scoring 10 runs, none of them came off a home run. Mitch Haniger continued his excellent hitting, going 3-for-4 with 3 hits, 4 RBI and a walk. Nice win for the team to cap off their first homestand of the year.	
06	20	2017	SEA	5	DET	4	T-Mobile Park	Went to this game with my same friends from the Cardinals game the year before. The Mariners took an early lead and were ahead 3-2 after 2 innings, and 4-2 after 7. Unfortunately, the inconsistent Dan Altavilla surrendered a game-tying home run to J.D. Martinez. The game went extras, and the Tigers had lefty Justin Wilson in to face Kyle Seager. However, despite being a lefty hitter, Seager has hit lefties quite well, including many home runs off left-handed pitchers. While I was hoping for that, the Mariners would settle for a double, which scored pinch-runner Tyler Smith from second. Interestingly, this would be Tyler Smith's final MLB game, as he must have gotten sent down shortly thereafter and never cracked a major league roster again.	
07	07	2017	SEA	7	OAK	2	T-Mobile Park	For this game, the Mariners were giving away snow globes! You got either a snow globe of then-Safeco Field, or the old stadium they played in, the Kingdome. I ended up with Safeco Field, and I still have it to this day.

I've decided that the location of our seats at this game are one of my favorite in the entire park. We had tickets to sit in the upper deck behind home plate, which I've done plenty, but we moved to the main level when we realized the crowd was relatively light.  Overall just a great night for baseball, one of the better experiences I can remember, when you combine the seat location, weather, and team performance.	
08	12	2017	SEA	3	ANA	6	T-Mobile Park	This was Edgar Martinez number retirement night. The Mariners scheduled this presumably to add to his Hall of Fame case, despite the fact that he was obviously deserving of being voted in. The pregame ceremony was tremendous, but the Mariners performance was not.	While they did have a 3-1 lead, that was not nearly enough for their questionable bullpen. Pretty disappointing for a game with such a big crowd. They ended up being swept by the Angels actually, which was somewhat embarrassing in my opinion.	
09	22	2017	SEA	3	CLE	1	T-Mobile Park	This game is the only game I've been to while being sick; I missed school due to a cold, but I wasn't going to let that stop me from going to this game. While the Mariners were basically eliminated from the postseason race at this point, I was still excited for this game as it was my first time going to Fan Appreciation Night, which is always the last Friday game of the year.

The Indians were pretty fresh off their modern record 22-game win streak, and so this was a tall task for the Mariners. However, Erasmo Ramirez of all people rose to the occasion, throwing 8 innings of 1-run ball, one of the best outings from a Mariner starting pitcher in months. Knowing that the Mariners had the top of the lineup coming to the plate in the bottom of the 9th, I was confident they'd win the game, and they did! Nelson Cruz hit a walk-off 2-run home run off Cleveland closer Cody Allen. A good win for the Mariners.	
03	29	2018	SEA	2	CLE	1	T-Mobile Park	We continued the tradition of going to home openers, despite the fact that I had a choir event that afternoon. This was our 2nd Opening Day, which in my opinion is always more exciting than just a home opener. The Mariners faced the Indians again, and though slightly controversially, Felix Hernandez was given the ball. At this point James Paxton was clearly the better pitcher, though he didn't start Opening Day, and never would in a Mariners uniform.

Felix pitched pretty well, allowing no runs over 5.1 innings, his 2nd shortest Opening Day start; his shortest was the year prior in Houston, going only 5 innings. The Mariners were facing reigning Cy Young winner Corey Kluber, who gave up 2 runs in the first inning, and somehow that's all the Mariners would need, despite Kluber throwing an 8-inning complete game! A good Opening Day win for the Mariners.	
06	11	2018	SEA	5	ANA	3	T-Mobile Park	This was a fun game, as I went with my dad and some friends. The Angels took an early 2-0 lead in the top of the first, off home runs from Mike Trout and Albert Pujols. However, the Mariners answered right back with a 2-run home run from Nelson Cruz. The Mariners continued to see Angels starter Andrew Heaney well, as both Cruz and Ryon Healy tagged him in the bottom of the 4th to end his night. While Trout did hit a second home run, that wasn't enough as the Mariners held on and won 5-3. This actually put the Mariners up half a game above the Astros in the division standings, but that didn't last too long. A good win for the Mariners.	
06	29	2018	SEA	4	KCA	1	T-Mobile Park	Went to this game with the same friend group as the previous two years. To this point, we had managed to see two walk-off wins, so I was interested to see if that trend would continue. Mitch Haniger and Mike Zunino each hit home runs, with Zunino's being an absolute mammoth shot, about 3 rows from the top row in the upper deck in left. Marco Gonzales threw an absolute gem, and was a strike away from a shutout after going 1-2 to Mike Moustakas before giving up an RBI single. He got the next hitter out and finished the game for his first MLB complete game. All around a great game for the Mariners.	
08	17	2018	SEA	1	LAN	11	T-Mobile Park	This was a birthday gift from my dad, though unfortunately it wouldn't end up the way either of us wanted. 

Mariners were down 1-0 and had bases loaded in the 3rd with 1 out, but failed to score. Recent acquisition Manny Machado hit two home runs for the Dodgers. The only run the Mariners did score was off a Ryon Healy home run. We ultimately decided to leave before the 7th inning stretch. Andrew Romine, a position player, pitched for the Mariners. This game is tied for the biggest loss the Mariners have had in games that I've attended. A disappointing game overall, though the only loss I saw that season.	
03	28	2019	SEA	12	BOS	4	T-Mobile Park	This was my 6th straight home opener, and while it wasn't Opening Day for the Mariners, it was Opening Day for the rest of baseball. The Mariners broke out the bats! Chris Sale's velocity was down after a little bit, and he only pitched 3 innings. Tim Beckham hit 2 HRs; Edwin Encarnacion, Domingo Santana, Ryon Healy also went deep. Very exciting game, and the most runs the Mariners have scored in a game I've attended.	
07	05	2019	SEA	2	OAK	5	T-Mobile Park	Another Friday game right before the All Star break, almost exactly 2 years to the day to the one in 2017 (also against the A's). The seats I had in this game were probably my favorite of any game I've been to. We sat along the third base line, and had a great view of the field. Unfortunately, there wasn't anything super interesting in this one, except that Austin Nola pinch hit, and made his first professional appearance in left field! I looked this up while we were there, and was surprised to see that was the case. Nola ended up playing most of the season at first base, and became the starting catcher the next season with Tom Murphy injured.	
07	17	2019	BOS	5	TOR	4	Fenway Park	This was my sixth park of thirty. It was my first time seeing Blue Jays in person, which was the final AL East team I hadn't seen in person. The Red Sox became the 4th team I've seen home and away (Cubs, Royals, Twins), a list that still unfortunately excludes the Mariners. 
Fenway Park was amazing! I currently have it in the S-tier of my ballparks tier list. When I visited, it was my favorite park, but since every trip has resulted in me finding a new favorite, I've decided to use a tier list rather than a numbered list since the best parks are all so close. 

There was a serious chance that the game would be postponed, as thunderstorms were rampant before the game. The start time was delayed from 7:10 to around 7:45, but the whole game was played with no more delays. There was some rain during the game, but it wasn't bad. 

Our seats were in “Loge Box 118”, which is basically a regular section cut in half, then cut in half again with a pole separating two rows of 4 seats. You don’t have to climb over as many people to get to your seat, making it very easy to get in and out of your seat during the game. I don’t know how many other teams have this, but I will definitely be on the lookout for box seating like this in future stadiums, and hopefully the Mariners add this someday.

We flew in on a red-eye flight the night before, and I was running on about 2 hours of sleep. I was extremely tired in the 5th or 6th inning, and was kept awake by some Pepsi. We left in the middle of the 8th inning, after they played Sweet Caroline, a Fenway Park tradition. As I said before, a fantastic balllpark and a fantastic experience. The only strange thing was that they served hot dogs in bread! Don't know what that was about.	
07	20	2019	NYA	11	COL	5	Yankee Stadium II	This was the seventh park. This was my 2nd time seeing both Rockies and Yankees, the latter of which made the list of teams I've seen play home and away (Royals, Cubs, Twins, Red Sox). Yankee Stadium II was very generic and uninteresting, and is the first and so far only park I don't have a desire to go back to. Local fans we talked to seem to agree that Fenway Park is superior and the new Yankee Stadium is not as good as the old one, even though the old one wasn't original from 1976-2008. 

We sat in our seats in right-center field for about 2 innings, then got up and walked around because it was 97 degrees and the heat was unbearable. We walked through Monument Park, which was neat, and we saw the museum with a bunch of the World Series trophies and history, which was also neat. Like Target Field, the upper deck was also a "split-level", which was one of the actually good qualities of the park.In my opinion, the architects didn't do a good enough job of copying the design of the old park. My dad said it was almost like an amusement park version, and I'd agree. I'm overall disappointed with the stadium, especially compared to what they were basing it after.	
07	26	2019	SEA	3	DET	2	T-Mobile Park	This was another game with my friend group, our 4th. Mariners showed no life until the bottom of the 7th, when Tom Murphy hit a game-tying 2 run home run. JP Crawford made an AMAZING play to end the top of the 9th inning. Ryan Court made his MLB debut and lined out. The ball was hit at 107 MPH, and had a 74% hit probability, making what would have been an amazing moment a tough luck out. However, Mallex Smith followed with a base hit to win the game. 

The game was followed by a Hall of Fame-themed fireworks show celebrating Edgar Martinez's induction to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. We sat in the LF bleachers for the first time since Opening Day 2015, and they now had padded backrests! Before, there were literally just the metal benches to sit on, if I remember correctly. A good game, and this made it the 3rd walk off in 4 games I'd seen with this friend group.	
09	29	2019	SEA	3	OAK	1	T-Mobile Park	This game was a last-minute plan. This was the last game of the season, and my first while living in Seattle! I attend college in the city, so I was able to make a brief 15-minute drive to the park, vs the hour-plus it'd usually be. I went to the game with two friends I had just met, including my friend Andrew. This was obviously our first game together, but would be far from the last. 

Despite going to many home openers and a few Opening Days to this point, this was my first time seeing the final game of the season. After every final home game of the season, the Mariners players stick around and toss out extra giveaways they had, and they did the same here. Unfortunately, we didn't get any. Mariners center fielder Kyle Lewis was taking pictures with fans, and I probably would have gotten one if he had stuck around a few more minutes. 

Kyle Seager homered, Kyle Lewis got an RBI. Pretty good way to end the season. This ended up being the last game I went to for 550 days, because of the COVID-19 pandemic that resulted in no attendance for the entire Mariners 2020 season.	
04	01	2021	SEA	8	SFN	7	T-Mobile Park	This was the 7th home opener in 8 years, interrupted only by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. I went with my dad and Andrew. Since that game in 2019 was the day before college classes started, this was the first game I attended while in college! Capacity was limited to 9000 fans for the first two homestands, and this one was reported as a sellout. Masks and social distancing will be a thing. 

Mariners were down early, 5-1 after 7 innings. They came back with 6 runs in the bottom of the 8th to take a 7-6 lead, including an error on a throw by Brandon Belt to Brandon Crawford, two guys who have played together forever, to give the Mariners the lead. The Giants came back with a pinch-hit home run by Alex Dickerson in the top of the 9th. Mariners walked it off in the 10th off of 3 straight walks by Jose Alvarez, and due to the runner on 2nd that’s all they needed. The end was very influenced by both the three batter minimum rule and the runner on 2nd in extras rule, probably the most I'd seen of any game since the either rule was instituted. The crowd was great despite capacity limitations, and since everyone was spread out it was plenty loud. Another excellent Opening Day for the Mariners.	
04	18	2021	SEA	7	HOU	2	T-Mobile Park	I went to this game with Andrew, now our 3rd game at T-Mobile Park. Mariners had split the series to this point, and were off to a 10-5 start. Jake Odorizzi had a rough first inning, throwing almost 40 pitches, though only allowed 1 run in that inning. Nick Margevicius pitched well, though had to leave due to arm fatigue in the 5th inning. The bullpen really picked him up, allowing no hits the rest of the game, and Marge only allowed one, resulting in a combined one-hitter! The Mariners broke out the bats in the bottom of the 5th, scoring 4 runs and taking a lead they wouldn’t give back. 

This was the largest win margin to this point in the season, at 5 runs, and therefore their first “blowout” win by Baseball-Reference’s standards. The weather was super nice, an impossible mid-70s day in April. As a result Andrew and I both got sunburned on our arms. The boos were also VERY loud, since this was the first series the Astros played in Seattle with fans after the 2017 cheating scandal came to light in late 2019/early 2020. Since we sat in the left field bleachers, there was also a lot of heckling aimed at the Astros left fielder, Chas McCormick, despite the fact that he made his MLB debut in 2021 and had nothing to do with the scandal. There was a legendary group of hecklers behind us that were going at it most of the game, and was by far the most heckling I’d ever heard. Overall fantastic experience, though sunscreen is a must for future day Mariners games.	
04	30	2021	SEA	7	ANA	4	T-Mobile Park	I went to this game with Andrew, our 4th. Since Andrew is an Angels fan, we were rooting for opposing teams for the 2nd time already (he's also a Giants fan). Chris Flexen had a tough outing, but managed to make it through 4 innings giving up only 3 runs. Shohei Ohtani hit a home run, but I missed it because I was looking at my phone unfortunately. 

For the first inning, I predicted that Trout and Haniger would both homer, Haniger more specifically on the first pitch. He did in fact hit a leadoff home run, first of the year, but it was not off the first pitch. Fortunately Trout did not homer in the first. It was a beautiful night for baseball, if a bit cold later on. There was an annoying heckler who was yelling stuff off and on. 

With it being the last day of April, in the middle of the 8th inning, they played the song “It’s Gonna Be Me”, but the “me” sounds like “May” so that’s the text that was on the electronic scoreboards. But they didn't stop there, as they played it after the Mariners hitters got on base, scored a couple runs, AND during the pitching change, and it was hilarious. 

Mariners bullpen came in clutch once again, as the Angels ceased to score after the 3rd until the 9th inning, where they just got 1 off of Rafael Montero. Struggling hitters Dylan Moore and Tom Murphy both homered and got other RBI hits, which was big for both of them. Overall great game to go to, especially since the Mariners lost big, 10-5 the next night. Andrew wasn’t super jazzed about it, but we still had a fun time.	
08	04	2021	LAN	7	HOU	5	Dodger Stadium	This was park #8, and only 2nd in the National League. The crowd for this game was electric. This was by far the best crowd I'd been a part of at a baseball game before. There were many chants, including "Astros Suck", "Cheaters", and "F*ck Correa". 

The park itself was incredible, and is so LA it's unreal. The concourses were neat, and interestingly enough the bottom ones seemed more updated than the top ones. We went to the 4th deck to get a picture, which was a very cool view. The bleacher area was also really cool, and there were plenty of places to walk around. I got autographs from Manny Mota and Steve Yeager. Yeager mentioned that he played in Seattle in his final year, and told me to enjoy my time in California (spoiler: I did). 

The food selection was off the charts, and while T-Mobile Park might have more variety, all the options at Dodger Stadium made a lot of sense for baseball. There were BBQs, Dodger Dogs, garlic fries, burgers, ice cream, nachos, street tacos, and more. I went with a Dodger Dog, which were decent, but the fries were good and they had Coke products. Also got the obligatory soft serve helmet cup. Overall probably the best experience I've ever had at a baseball game. Dodger Stadium fits nicely into my S-tier of ballparks, and could easily be my favorite. I'm trying to fight recency bias since it's been 2 years since my visit to Fenway Park. I cannot wait to go back.	
08	06	2021	SDN	5	ARI	8	Petco Park	This is park #9, 3rd in the National League. This was the 2nd time seeing the Diamondbacks, and first of two times on the trip. This park was very nice. Dodger Stadium set the bar so high that this was almost a disappointment, but it was still excellent. They had some live music beyond the batters eye in center field, as well as a grass lawn called the “Park at the Park” which looked like a neat hangout space; it was full when we got into the park. 

Like Dodger Stadium, this park had the odds on one side and the evens on the other side, so our section was somewhat easier to find I guess. This new number system is growing on me but still a little weird. I got ice cream here too, though I think the Dodger Stadium stuff was better. They also had Coca-Cola products, and I got another souvenir cup, and remembered it this time (I forgot it at Dodger Stadium!). 
As for the game itself, the Dbacks starter struggled HARD, and was walking everyone. The Padres scored 5 runs in the 2nd, but that was all they’d get for the entire game. The Padres gave it back up, and the go-ahead run was driven in by...the winning pitcher, who was also a reliever!! He also stole 2nd, which added to the weirdness. The first, and probably the last time I’ll see a relief pitcher hit the go-ahead RBI in a game. We sat in the upper deck, which by default were the worst seats we had, but they weren’t bad or anything. Overall good experience, though might not crack the top tier with the Dodger Stadiums and Fenway Parks of the world.	
08	08	2021	OAK	6	TEX	3	Oakland Coliseum	This was 3rd park of the trip, and was #10 overall, marking a third of the major leagues down!! It was honestly not as bad as I thought it would be. 

There were 3 things that were not great compared to every other stadium though. The first was that they didn’t have Coca-Cola, or Pepsi, but RC COLA. Never seen any other park have this, and I don’t expect to see it ever again. Second, the bathrooms had troughs instead of urinals, which I was concerned about once I realized Wrigley, another old stadium, had them in 2014. Lastly, Andrew ordered pizza, and waited for 40 mins for them to text him it was ready. Then he went over to see what was up, and they said they didn’t have the ability to text him that it was ready, despite the app saying it would. So those three things were easily surpassed by every other stadium I’ve been to. 

However, it was kinda cool being in a “concrete jungle” stadium. The 2nd concourse was absolutely dead, but the main concourse was poppin’. What was interesting was while they had ramps, the other way to get up was to get to the 100 level concourse, then go up to the 200 level sections. From the 200 level, you could either go back down using those same stairs, or go up the stairs to the 200 level concourse. From there you could go to the 300 level seats. So it was the first stadium I’d been to (to my knowledge) where you could access all the decks just by going throughout the sections. I took some pictures on the top deck, which was honestly pretty neat. There is something really satisfying about the circular nature of the stadium, despite it being outdated and surpassed. Our seats were pretty decent, though they didn’t feel as close to the 200 level seats in SF. Overall decent to good experience, and I would honestly rather go here again than Yankee Stadium.	
08	10	2021	SFN	8	ARI	7	Oracle Park	This was the 4th park of the trip, and 11th overall. This was another park where we got free tickets! These seats were right up there with the Dodger Stadium seats in quality, and they were on the 200 level. It was a very intimate feel, which was amazing I thought. 

We had some fun beyond center field in a relatively new “party deck” area, and the Dbacks had batting practice. A relief pitcher, Bret de Geus was giving kids baseballs, and one kid gave his bracelet to him as a trade for a ball! Andrew also gave his necklace to him, which was neat. 

The game was pretty exciting, the Giants took what seemed like a commanding lead before Alex Wood just absolutely lost it in the 6th inning after looking nearly unhittable for the first 5 innings. The Giants took the lead in the 8th, before Jake McGee struggled in the 9th and walked a few guys, which resulted in the Dbacks tying the game. The Giants ended up walking it off, via an error batted by recent acquisition Kris Bryant! Very exciting game, and the park was amazing, a close second to Dodger Stadium. Would love to return to this one as well.	
08	12	2021	ANA	6	TOR	3	Angel Stadium	The final game of the trip, and 12th overall. Angel Stadium was a very middle-middle ballpark; nothing super great, but also not bad, very much decent. I got a hat here, a California Angels one from ‘72-’92, that cost $50 because it was fitted! A nice hat though, very comfortable and looks cool. 

The food options were less than stellar, but they had a few good ones here and there. We unfortunately sat in front of the scoreboard in right field, so we lost out on the stuff on there, but the left field scoreboard gave most of the information that was out of our view. I went up to the 3rd deck in the later innings to get a picture from the top-most row behind home plate. We got to see Shohei Ohtani, who pitched a great game and lead off the game with a double. Unfortunately that was all he did with the bat, I was hoping for a home run since we were in prime home run territory. The game was honestly probably the least interesting from a neutral fan perspective, but the Blue Jays lost, which was important for the Mariners. Overall a good end to the parks we visited.	
10	01	2021	SEA	1	ANA	2	T-Mobile Park	This was Fan Appreciation Night, my 2nd, first since 2017. I went to this game with several friends, though this was notably the first game since July of 2019 that I hadn't gone to with Andrew, as he was studying abroad. The game had enormous playoff implications, as the Mariners were tied with the Red Sox for the second wild card spot. The Red Sox played the Nationals, and won, so the Mariners had to win just to keep pace.

The crowd was a sellout, the first since Opening Day 2019, which I was also in attendance for. The first inning was great, since Marco cruised through. The Mariners scored what would end up being their only run in the bottom of the 2nd inning. The crowd understandably went wild when that happened. Unfortunately, Marco struggled mightily in the 3rd, giving up 2 runs before recoring an out. While those would be the only two runs he allowed, that proved to be enough as the Mariners offense could just not get anything going that night. They had runners on first and third in the bottom of the 7th with nobody out, and struck out three times to end the inning.

The game proved to be very boring, since there was no scoring after the top of the 3rd. I and everyone else in the park was so prepared to get very excited, and that moment just never came. The game was followed by a fireworks show, and we got to sit on the field, which was neat. The grass was so short and the dirt was so well kept that it almost felt fake, like turf. While I was very disappointed after the game, the fireworks show helped a little bit at least. 

Unfortunately, the Mariners did not make it to the playoffs, or even a tiebreaker game. However, they did finish 90-72, blowing their pre-season projections out of the water and surprising everyone. Now that they're not in a rebuilding year, the front office has to show they mean business by helping out this club by signing an infield bat like Marcus Semien, and probably a front-of-the-line starter as well. While the end of the year was disappointing, this definitely feels like just the beginning, unlike 2014, 2016, or 2018. I'm excited to see what the future holds.	
03	31	2022	SEA	0	DET	0	T-Mobile Park	Opening Day 2022.	
08	27	2022	SEA	0	KCA	0	T-Mobile Park	Ichiro Mariners Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony.	

